blogspot.co.uk

David Beckham becomes Brand Ambassador for Jaguar Cars in China.

British sporting icon David Beckham to front new marketing campaign across China.
Jaguar commissions Peter Lindbergh for new Beckham campaign photography.

David Beckham has joined Jaguar as a brand ambassador and
 will support significant forthcoming Jaguar product launches in China.
British sporting icon Beckham will feature in above-the-line marketing campaigns for the brand in one of 
its most significant international markets.
Bob Grace, Jaguar Land Rover China Managing Director, said: "We are absolutely thrilled that David will 
be an ambassador for Jaguar in China.
David Beckham is a Briton whose achievements mean he has global popularity and he is someone who embodies
 contemporary British style and sophistication.
He is a truly modern, British individual with a genuine passion for design, innovation, performance and 
driving."
As part of a long-term partnership, former international footballer Beckham will star in a series of 
print adverts and TV commercials exclusively in China.

David's role will initially see him feature alongside the new Jaguar F-TYPE Coupé, a sports car that is 
already regarded as a modern classic and one that is the perfect expression of Jaguar's vision of modern 
British style and elegance.
His role will develop and will see him feature in many Jaguar brand and product communication campaigns 
in the coming years, including those for the Jaguar XJ, the company's award winning large luxury saloon
.
On the start of this new partnership, David commented: "I've always been an admirer of Jaguar – from the
 styling and design to the feel and roar of the engine, every element feels uniquely British.
I love the classic E-Type of the 60s and today this legacy is alive in the phenomenal F-TYPE Coupé, a car
 that epitomises British craftsmanship.
It's an honour to support a brand with such an amazing heritage and I look forward to being part of 
Jaguar's exciting future in China."
The print creative material to be used in this ambitious new marketing campaign is revealed exclusively 
today.
Renowned fashion photographer and filmmaker Peter Lindbergh was commissioned by Jaguar to produce 
exclusive campaign imagery.
Peter has worked closely with David Beckham in the past and their involvement in the Jaguar campaign will
 see the two figures continue their collaborative relationship.
Recognised for the distinctive cinematic quality of his work, Peter has also shot iconic images of some 
of the world's most famous cultural icons.
The new F-TYPE Coupé will be a prominent feature of the first phase of the campaign.
The new F-TYPE Coupé is the most dynamically capable, performance-focused, production Jaguar ever made 
and is headlined by the F-TYPE R Coupé, a 550 PS/680 Nm 5.0-litre V8 supercharged sports car like no 
other.
The all-aluminium F-TYPE Coupé is the embodiment of the uncompromised design vision of the award-winning 
C-X16 concept.
Other Jaguar models, including XF and XJ saloons will also feature in the Beckham campaign to present the
 full brand line-up to the Chinese consumer.
